In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
The day when the wish comes true.
Seest thou one who denies the Judgment (to come)? 1
“We did not create the heavens and the earth and everything between them playfully.” [21:16]
Those Who Are Exempt from Fasting
In the name of Allah, the Most Merciful and the Most Compassionate
Those who have faith and do righteous deeds,- they are the best of creatures. 7
And praise is due to Allah, Lord of all the worlds.
Legate - the provision, by virtue of a will, to a person who is not an heir (legatoria), of any benefit after the death of the testator.
These are verses of the wise Book,
Except as Allah wills: for He knoweth what is manifest and what is hidden. 7
Karei (Righteye flounder)
And made the moon therein a [reflected] light and made the sun a burning lamp?
And [We destroyed] the people of Noah before; indeed, they were a people defiantly disobedient.
Fire or sewage;
For those who have been disappointed,
The day of resurrection is far.
In whatever worlds
And 'Aad and Pharaoh and the brothers of Lot
That their Lord had been Well-acquainted with them, (even to) that Day? 11
But those who reject Our Signs, they are the (unhappy) Companions of the Left Hand. 19
Allah will chastise him with a mighty Chastisement, 24
severe sore throat;
Say: He is Allah, the One; 1
And there came Pharaoh and those before him and the overturned cities with sin.
Except as Allah wills: for He knoweth what is manifest and what is hidden. 7
Rinse under running water;
Him to Whom belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth! And Allah is Witness to all things. 9
Then is this magic, or do you not see?
Give thanks to the Lord for He is good;
Nay! but ye do reject the Judgment! 9
On that Day will men proceed in groups sorted out, to be shown the deeds that they (had done). 6
And the Horn will be blown. That is the Day of [carrying out] the threat.
And before them, the people of Noah, for that they were (all) most unjust and most insolent transgressors, 52
Or are they only some inebitable harm?
The people of Noah denied before them, and the companions of the well and Thamud
Provide day to day,
To whom belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth. And Allah , over all things, is Witness.
Pour in boiling water
[Those of] Pharaoh and Thamud?
that I am the Lord, who exercises kindness,
The people of Noah denied before them, and [the tribe of] 'Aad and Pharaoh, the owner of stakes,
When Our verses are recited to him, he says, "Legends of the former peoples."
But as for the unjust, they will be, for Hell, firewood.'
"Having eyes ye see not, having ears ye hear not; lest ye should understand and be converted that I might heal you."(Christ Jesus).
Did you know ?
Jesus said, “You believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree. You will see greater things than that.”
But those who disbelieve and deny Our signs - those are the companions of Hellfire.
Seest thou not how thy Lord dealt with the Companions of the Elephant? 1
Except not Allah the wisest of Judges?
To thee have We granted the (Fount of) Abundance. 1
It is You we worship and You we ask for help.
And they say, "When will be this conquest, if you should be truthful?"
Celebrate the praises of thy Lord, and pray for His Forgiveness: for He is Oft-Returning (in forgiveness). 3
And thou dost see the people enter Allah's Religion in crowds, 2
Surely (Allah) is able to bring him back (to life)! 8
====other business=====
and the [SALE] marker!
The scriptures of Abraham and Moses.
Guarantee of deliverance from death for those who believe in the Lord: Resurrection of Christ.
“I AM WHO I AM. This is what you are to say to the Israelites: ‘I AM has sent me to you.’ ”
Alif, Lam, Ra. These are the verses of the clear Book.
shown by those who cherish their
Lord of the heavens and the earth and that between them and Lord of the sunrises.
Woe to every sinful liar
And Pharaoh, and those before him, and the Cities Overthrown, committed habitual Sin. 9
For relief of hemorrhoids (piles),
He says, "I have spent wealth in abundance."
It shows the schedule on that day. Tap to show the [SCHEDULE] screen and set the time for each mode.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
“Why are you so afraid? Have you still no faith?”
But they (impudently) treated Our Signs as false. 28
Indeed, they who have believed and done righteous deeds - those are the best of creatures.
And those of Abraham and Lüt; 43
” Those who spend their wealth (in Allah’s Cause) by night and day, in secret and in public, they shall have their reward with their Lord. On them shall be no fear, nor shall they grieve.” Quran 2:274
With one degree spray,
We are waiting for the other (next).
"Who set up another god beside Allah: throw him into a severe chastisement." 26
Say: I seek refuge with the Lord and Cherisher of Mankind, 1
O man! What has seduced thee from thy Lord Most Beneficent?- 6
But they who disbelieved in Our signs - those are the companions of the left.
If you apply on the same day as the viewing,
FITTEA by Fitvia
And gardens and springs.
And made the moon therein a [reflected] light and made the sun a burning lamp?
We have indeed revealed this (Message) in the Night of Power: 1
And indeed, it will be [a cause of] regret upon the disbelievers.
And [the tribe of] Thamud and the people of Lot and the companions of the thicket. Those are the companies.
Thank you.
And verily the Hereafter will be better for thee than the present. 4
What are you searching?
So invoked invoked his Lord, "Indeed, I am overpowered, so help."
Keep away from fire source;
Indeed, this is in the former scriptures,
AND WHO ARE YOU?
But Allah doth encompass them from behind! 20
Alif, Lam, Ra. These are the verses of the Book and a clear Qur'an.
Then do they not look at the camels - how they are created?
Indeed, We sent Noah to his people, [saying], "Warn your people before there comes to them a painful punishment."
If they disbelieve you, so did the peoples before them (with their prophets),- the People of Noah, and Àd and Thamüd; 42
Buildings and gardens
Where would you want to go?
No! If he does not desist, We will surely drag him by the forelock -
To your Lord, that Day, is the [place of] permanence.
March 9, 2018
Go to [Onion] nutrient
Go to [Turnip] nutrient
you think you might never come back.
Call us: 07870727747
Then they rejected him (as a false prophet), and they hamstrung her. So their Lord crushed them for their sin and leveled them! 14
O Moses, indeed it is I - Allah , the Exalted in Might, the Wise."
We don't know.
Yet they take (for worship) gods other than Allah, (hoping) that they might be helped! 74
And try and avoid squeezing them. It's not established whether squeezing is damaging or not, but avoid it if you can.
So sorry.
and lineage bearer of
Explore featured ones
18, January 2017
I come confer this Paradise!!!
sorry !
Thamud and 'Aad denied the Striking Calamity.
Why?
April 25, 2019
February 18, 2008
Before them (were many who) rejected messengers,- the people of Noah, and Àd, and Pharaoh, the lord of Stakes, 12
Has he made the gods [only] one God? Indeed, this is a curious thing."
Adults 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 Children 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
When entering the lobby ,,,
December 17, 2012 18:39
Who hindered you hinder your，Often not who or environment；
With [ recommended ] a beef steak
Repelled; and for them is a constant punishment,
So Who Created God?
